# Meetings minutes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:** February 2nd
* **PARTICIPANTS:** Luan Trieu, Roni Karppinen, Minttu Ukkola, Dain Han
* **TEACHER:** Iván Sánchez Milara

### Action points
* Deliverable too technical, Not clear relations and Diagram was an acrhitecture diagram.
* API description needs fixing, provided protocols, did not provide and example of the client/service
* Wrongly classified API.
* Teacher gave us some tips on the database.

### Notes
We will update the wiki so it matches the requirements.


## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*


## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **PARTICIPANTS:**
* **TEACHER:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Notes
*Add here notes that you consider important. This is not mandatory*



